fixes to Environment in Workers Docs (#1717)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/environments.md

## Background

> Environments are different contexts that your code runs in. The Workers platform allows you to create and manage different environments. Through environments, users are able to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environments are different contexts that your code runs in. The Workers platform allows you to create and manage different environments. Through environments, you can deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names.
```

> These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on `wrangler build`, `wrangler dev`, `wrangler preview`, `wrangler publish` and `wrangler secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on `wrangler build`, `wrangler dev`, `wrangler preview`, `wrangler publish`, and `wrangler secret`.
```

--------------------------------

## Usage

> The most common use case for environments is deploying to a staging subdomain before your production environment. `wrangler publish` will determine its destination by your top-level configuration in your `wrangler.toml` [file](/workers/cli-wrangler/commands#generate). Users can create other environments beneath the top-level configuration in the `wrangler.toml` file through an [`[env.name]` configuration](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#environments) and specifying additional keys and values. For details on what keys are inherited by your environemnts from the top-level configuration see [`wrangler.toml` configuration](/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys).

Reviewer: Broken links for wrangler.toml file + env.name configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will likely use environments to deploy Workers to a staging subdomain before your production environment. `wrangler publish` will determine its destination by the top-level configuration in your `wrangler.toml` [file](/workers/cli-wrangler/commands#generate). You can create other environments beneath the top-level configuration in the `wrangler.toml` file by adding an [`[env.name]` configuration](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#environments) and specifying additional keys and values. For details on what keys are inherited by environments from the top-level configuration, see [`wrangler.toml` configuration](/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys).
```

The layout of a top-level configuration in a `wrangler.toml` file is displayed below:

```toml
---
your-worker.toml
---
name = "your-worker"
type = "javascript"
account_id = "your-account-id"

# This field specifies that the Worker
# will be deployed to a *.workers.dev domain
workers_dev = true

# -- OR --

# These fields specify that the Worker
# will deploy to a custom domain
zone_id = "your-zone-id"
routes = ["example.com/*"]
```

### Naming

> You cannot specify multiple environments with the same name. If this were allowed, publishing each environment would overwrite your previously deployed Worker, and the behavior would not be clear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot specify multiple environments with the same name. If this were allowed, publishing each environment would overwrite your previously deployed Worker and the behavior would not be clear.
```

For this reason, Wrangler **appends the environment name to the top-level name to publish a Worker script**. For example, a Worker project named `my-worker` with an environment `[env.dev]` would become `my-worker-dev`.

> The layout of an example `[end.dev]` environment is displayed below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The layout of an example `[env.dev]` environment is displayed below:
```

type = "webpack"
name = "my-worker"
account_id = "12345678901234567890"

# These fields specify that the Worker
# will deploy to a custom domain
zone_id = "09876543210987654321"
route = "example.com/*"
```
To deploy this worker, run the `wrangler publish` command like the example below: 

```sh
~/my-worker $ wrangler publish
✨  Built successfully, built project size is 523 bytes.
✨  Successfully published your script to example.com/*
```

#### Publishing to *.workers.dev

> `*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers' dashboard under **Your subdomain**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers' dashboard under **Your subdomain**.
```

Reviewer: Are the differences between `*.workers.dev` and `*workers.dev` intentional?

### Introducing environments

> Environments enable users to write and deploy projects to multiple places. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environments enable you to write and deploy projects to multiple places. 
```

> An environment may be defined by specifying an `[env.name]` block with its own values in your `wrangler.toml` file. Values within this block may override top-level configuration values with the same key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define an environment by specifying an `[env.name]` block with its own values in your `wrangler.toml` file. Values within this block may override top-level configuration values with the same key. 
```

> The `wrangler.toml` file below adds two environments, `[env.staging]` and `[env.production]`, to the `wrangler.toml` file. Note that you must provide a [`route`/`routes` key](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys) for each environment if you are deploying to a custom domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `wrangler.toml` file below adds two environments, `[env.staging]` and `[env.production]`, to the `wrangler.toml` file. Note that you must provide a [`route` or `routes` key](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys) for each environment if you are deploying to a custom domain.
```

Reviewer: Broken link for the `routes` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wrangler.toml` file below adds two environments, `[env.staging]` and `[env.production]`, to the `wrangler.toml` file. If you are deploying to a custom domain, you must provide a [`route` or `routes` key](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys) for each environment.
```

### Introducing environments

Environments enable you to write and deploy projects to multiple places.

You can define an environment by specifying an `[env.name]` block with its own values in your `wrangler.toml` file. Values within this block may override top-level configuration values with the same key.

> The `wrangler.toml` file below adds two environments, `[env.staging]` and `[env.production]`, to the `wrangler.toml` file. If you are deploying to a custom domain, you must provide a [`route` or `routes` key](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys) for each environment if you are deploying to a custom domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wrangler.toml` file below adds two environments, `[env.staging]` and `[env.production]`, to the `wrangler.toml` file. If you are deploying to a custom domain, you must provide a [`route` or `routes` key](/cli-wrangler/configuration#keys) for each environment if you are deploying to a custom domain.
```

✨  Successfully published your script to example.com/*
```

> Any defined environment variables (the [`vars`](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#vars) key) are exposed as global variables to your Worker.

Reviewer: Broken link

> ### workers.dev as a first class target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### workers.dev as a first-class target
```

> ### workers.dev as a first class target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### workers.dev as a first-class target
```

name = "my-worker-staging"
```

> Your default `wrangler build`, `wrangler preview`, and `wrangler publish` commands will all build with `webpack.dev.js`. Any commnds tied to the staging environment will also use this configuration; for example, `wrangler build -e staging`, `wrangler preview -e staging`, and `wrangler publish -e staging`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your default `wrangler build`, `wrangler preview`, and `wrangler publish` commands will all build with `webpack.dev.js`. Any commands tied to the staging environment will also use this configuration; for example, `wrangler build -e staging`, `wrangler preview -e staging`, and `wrangler publish -e staging`.
```

The build commands `wrangler build -e production`, `wrangler preview -e production`, and `wrangler publish -e production` would all use your `webpack.config.js` file.

--------------------------------

## Environment variables

In the Workers platform, environment variables, secrets, and KV namespaces are known as bindings. Regardless of type, bindings are always available as global variables within your Worker script. Here is how they are declared:

> * **environment variables** are defined via the `[vars]` config in your `wranger.toml` file and are always plaintext values.

Reviewer: Is there a reason why these are lowercased?

    ```toml
    ---
    your-worker.toml
    ---
    name = "my-worker-dev"
    type = "javascript"

    account_id = "<YOUR ACCOUNTID>"
    workers_dev = true

    # Define top-level environment variables
    # under the `[vars]` block using 
    # the `key = "value"` format
    [vars]
    API_TOKEN = "example_dev_token"
    STRIPE_TOKEN = "pk_xyz1234_test"

    # Override values for `--env production` usage
    [env.production]
    name = "my-worker-production"
    [vars]
    API_TOKEN = "example_production_token"
    STRIPE_TOKEN = "pk_xyz1234"
    ```

> * **KV Namespaces** are defined via the [`kv_namespaces`](/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#kv_namespaces) config in your `wrangler.toml` and are always provided as [KV runtime instances](/workers/runtime-apis/kv).

Reviewer: 2 broken links here

    ```toml
    ---
    your-worker.toml
    ---
    name = "my-worker-dev"
    type = "javascript"

    account_id = "<YOUR ACCOUNTID>"
    workers_dev = true

    [[kv_namespaces]]
    binding = "Customers"
    preview_id = "<PREVIEW KV NAMESPACEID>"
    id = "<DEV KV NAMESPACEID>"

    [env.production]
    name = "my-worker-production"
    [[kv_namespaces]]
    binding = "Customers"
    id = "<PRODUCTION KV NAMESPACEID>"
    ```

> * **secrets** are defined by running [`wrangler secret put <NAME>`](/cli-wrangler/commands#secret) in your terminal, where `<NAME>` is the name of your binding. You may assign environment-specific secrets, by rerunning the command `wrangler secret put <NAME> -e` or `wrangler secret put <NAME> --env`. It is recommended to keep a list of the secrets used in your code in your `wrangler.toml` file, like the example under `[secrets]`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **secrets** are defined by running [`wrangler secret put <NAME>`](/cli-wrangler/commands#secret) in your terminal, where `<NAME>` is the name of your binding. You may assign environment-specific secrets by re-running the command `wrangler secret put <NAME> -e` or `wrangler secret put <NAME> --env`. Keep a list of the secrets used in your code in your `wrangler.toml` file, like the example under `[secrets]`:
```

>     ```toml

Reviewer: This example doesn't render correctly? Or is that the point?

    account_id = "<YOUR ACCOUNTID>"
    workers_dev = true

    # Define top-level environment variables
    # under the `[vars]` block using
    # the `key = "value"` format
    [vars]
    API_TOKEN = "example_dev_token"
    STRIPE_TOKEN = "pk_xyz1234_test"

    # Override values for `--env production` usage
    [env.production]
    name = "my-worker-production"
    [vars]
    API_TOKEN = "example_production_token"
    STRIPE_TOKEN = "pk_xyz1234"
    ```

* KV namespaces are defined via the [`kv_namespaces`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/configuration#kv_namespaces) config in your `wrangler.toml` and are always provided as [KV runtime instances](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/kv).

    ```toml
    ---
    filename: wrangler.toml
    ---
    name = "my-worker-dev"
    type = "javascript"

    account_id = "<YOUR ACCOUNTID>"
    workers_dev = true

    [[kv_namespaces]]
    binding = "Customers"
    preview_id = "<PREVIEW KV NAMESPACEID>"
    id = "<DEV KV NAMESPACEID>"

    [env.production]
    name = "my-worker-production"
    [[kv_namespaces]]
    binding = "Customers"
    id = "<PRODUCTION KV NAMESPACEID>"
    ```

> * Secrets are defined by running [`wrangler secret put <NAME>`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/commands#secret) in your terminal, where `<NAME>` is the name of your binding. You may assign environment-specific secrets by re-running the command `wrangler secret put <NAME> -e` or `wrangler secret put <NAME> --env`. Keep a list of the secrets used in your code in your `wrangler.toml` file, like the example under `[secrets]`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secrets are defined by running [`wrangler secret put <NAME>`](/cli-wrangler/commands#secret) in your terminal, where `<NAME>` is the name of your binding. You may assign environment-specific secrets by re-running the command `wrangler secret put <NAME> -e` or `wrangler secret put <NAME> --env`. Keep a list of the secrets used in your code in your `wrangler.toml` file, like the example under `[secrets]`:
```

type = "rust"
```

> With this configuration, no errors will be thrown. However, only `type = "webpack"` will be used, even in a `--env production` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, no errors will be thrown. However, only `type = "webpack"` will be used, even in an `--env production` setting.
```

route = "staging.example.com/*"
```

> Wrangler will fail to deploy when both  `workers_dev = true` and `route` (or `routes`) are defined. If you are trying to deploy to a `*.workers.dev` domain, you must remove the `route` or `routes` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrangler will fail to deploy when both  `workers_dev = true` and `route` (or `routes`) are defined. If you are trying to deploy to a `*.workers.dev` domain, remove the `route` or `routes` value.
```
